A- ha, I win.
Best out of three?
All right.
You're on.
After the bridge.
Done.
Let's go.
You okay?
Hey!
He could have crashed into the pylons.
I didn't see what happened.
How, uh... how fast do
you think he was going?
He couldn't have been going that fast.
I was out in front of him
and... we were taxiing.
Okay.
What's his name?
I don't know.
I just met him out here this morning.
Okay. That's all right.
We'll check his I.D.
When we get him out.
Did you see anybody else
around the bridge or...
- There's nobody.
- Okay.
Officer?
We'll have this officer
take your statement.
Thanks a lot, ma'am. Take care.
Yeah. You, too.
Morning, Alexx.
Morning, Horatio.
Major skull damage.
Frontal and parietal bones
appear to be fractured.
If he was thrown from
that jet ski, Horatio,
to have an impact injury this
severe, he must have been hauling ass.
There's an awful lot of
blood on that jet ski, Alexx.
I don't think he was thrown.
I think he died on it.
There appear to be some
dark flakes in his hair.
He didn't hit something,
something hit him.
So we have death... from above.
Tripp says his name is Jim Farber,
but the address doesn't
match up with his I.D.
Forgive me- I don't
get out much, Calleigh,
but tell me, who picks up a
woman on an early morning jet ski?
I'll tell you- a man who was just
released from prison, that's who.
Our boy did time, huh?
He did eight years. He just got out.
In fact, his first day of
freedom might have been today.
Looks like our scuba
boy found something.
Lucky for me.
What have you got?
I don't know. It's not like
any coral I've ever seen.
What is it?
Slate.
Found them about five feet apart just
under the bridge, broken in half like this.
That's an unusual color.
You know, that looks like the debris
that was in our victim's scalp.
I wonder what that writing means.
I don't know. I have no idea.
But I believe we just
found our murder weapon.
Great.
You hear what happened down there?
Yeah. Some genius thought it would be funny to
throw a ten-pound piece of slate over the railing.
Do me a favor.
Check the rail for
prints and DNA, please.
Come on. There's going to be 100 pedestrian prints
on there that have nothing to do with the crime.
I'm sorry, Natalia.
I thought you were aware of the fact that our
job doesn't afford us the luxury of assumption.
Anyways, I got here first.
Check this out.
Somebody's been popping pills.
Yeah, but they forgot one.
Looks like it had a logo on it, but the
moisture must have caused it to erode.
Well, people do some pretty crazy things
on drugs, and this crime would fit the bill.
I think it deserves a closer look.
I'm having the face-up side of the pill
mapped through an atomic force microscope.
And it can read through the damage?
It feels the surface on the
nanoscale using a mechanical probe.
Y2K.
These were all over the streets
when I was on patrol, but...
I haven't heard about one
being around for years.
Well, it looks like that's because
the federal narcotics division
is believed to have seized the entire
supply back in 2000... from Jim Farber.
He was our victim in
the jet ski accident.
Well, if he was involved in drugs,
maybe his death wasn't an accident.
Why don't we call the feds and see if
they can shine a little light on his past?
Calleigh's out in the field.
I'll have her head over.
Y2K uppers.
This brings back old memories.
Where did you find it?
A man that you arrested eight years
ago, Jim Farber, was killed today.
We found that pill on the scene.
I remember Jim.
He made a whole lot of these.
Almost 500 grams worth.
I seized it all.
Shut him down.
Well, he served his time.
I mean, that is until today.
He's back on the
street with those pills.
I mean, that can't be a coincidence.
These guys always go
back to what they know.
They dig up an old stash,
like these Y2K pills,
puts them right back in the game.
Do you think maybe our killer
didn't like what Jim was selling?
Could have been a customer.
Or maybe the competition.
You wouldn't happen to
have any names, would you?
Nah. Jim Farber wasn't prone
to giving up known associates.
We tried to roll him over
about eight years ago.
Turned down two grand and his freedom.
Well, then, I guess that
information died with him today.
Well, I'll tell you what. I'll
take a look at his old case file,
and if something comes
up, I'll give you a call.
That would be great. Thank you.
I'm not sure I can help you.
Flagstone's pretty common in Miami.
I can't be the only guy selling it.
No. But our research showed that you're
the only one who carries it in lavender.
Could we see a piece of it, please?
Yeah. Sure.
I pulled a piece out.
We call that October Dusk.
Don't get many orders
for it. It's pretty rare.
Never thought I'd see
it used to kill somebody.
Yeah. Well, this is it;
this is definitely it.
The piece that we have, though,
had some writing on the other side.
Would that writing have
come from you guys, as well?
No. It was probably the
folks that bought it.
Sometimes customers mark them
to remind them where they want
to put them on their properties.
Do you have the customer's name?
Yeah.
Here you go.
Yeah. A man named Henry
Woods signed for it.
Thank you.
Yeah. Sure thing.
Isn't that Alexx's husband's name?
The address confirms it.
What are we going to do?
Should we tell Stetler?
We tell no one.
What are you going to do?
I'm going to handle this... quietly.
Hey, what brings you to these parts?
Had to retrieve the
lab specimen from tox.
Thought I'd drop by.
Is this what dropped off the bridge?
Yeah. This is flagstone.
It's used for landscaping.
Find any prints on it?
No. Biscayne Bay took care of that,
but I was hoping that this writing
would give us someone to chase.
I think it's a pipe dream, though.
"Left walk, Jamie window. "
Dead end, right?
Right.
Tripp's waiting for me
in reception. I gotta go.
Okay. I was just leaving.
- See you later.
- All right.
Hey, this is Henry Woods.
Leave me a brief message after the beep.
Henry, it's me.
Um, listen, can you call me back?
It's kind of important.
About our walkway, our
yard, the flagstone.
Please call me back when you get this.
Look, Bryan just came in. I gotta go.
I love you.
Try to catch an earlier
flight if you can, okay?
That dad?
It was.
Sounded serious.
One of the flagstones from my
backyard was used to murder that man.
Your father has no
idea how that happened.
Bryan, I need you to be
completely honest with me.
Who have you had over
to the house recently?
Some guy gets killed and you immediately
suspect me or one of my friends?
Jamie has people over, too.
But I'm talking to you
right now, not your sister.
And I need you to tell me the truth.
- The truth.
- Yeah.
How about the most likely scenario, mom?
Somebody jumped the fence and swiped it.
It doesn't take a csi
to figure that out.
You need to mind yourself.
Now, who have you had over to the house?
Only person I've seen at the
house today, mom, was Mr. Caine.
Horatio was at our house?
In the backyard.
He picked something out
of the grass and then left.
I thought you knew.
Go home right now, Bryan.
Just go home, okay?
Could we process that, please?
A cigarette butt.
Is this related to the
dead jet-skier case?
It is. It was recovered from
where the slate was taken.
So you know who the
murder weapon belongs to.
Potentially.
I'm on it.
Thank you, ma'am.
how long is this taking, man?
I got a cabana on the
beach with my name on it.
We recovered a cigarette, Trey, that
places you at the Woods' residence.
DNA? wow.
Bryan Woods is a friend of mine.
The crew likes to hang there
when his folks are gone.
Hey, Bryan, your parents
keep any beer around here?
I'm sorry.
I didn't see the "no smoking" signs.
What's the big deal?
"What is the big deal?"
A piece of slate that was removed from
that yard was used to kill a man, Trey.
That's the big deal.
I don't know anything about that.
You have a record, Trey.
Come on.
Threw a rock through
a window a year ago.
And now you've escalated to murder.
Now, why the hell would
I want to do that for?
We recovered some speed
at the scene, Trey.
I never touch that stuff.
Look, this piece of slate you're
talking about wasn't found in my yard.
If you weren't so busy being
all chummy with Bryan's mom...
maybe you'd grill him about
that instead of me, huh?
I'm out of here.
dr. Woods.
Mom!
Bryan?
Mom, please, I'm in trouble.
What happened?
I don't know what happened!
You have to do something!
Where are you?
At this warehouse, grove and third.
Mom, please, I need help. Hurry.
I'm on my way. Stay there, okay?
Bryan?
Bryan?!
Bryan!
what did you do?
Nothing, I swear.
He was in pain.
he begged me to pull it out.
that was the worst possible
thing you could have done!
We got to stop this bleeding,
or this boy is gonna die.
Go wait in the car.
- Mom, I...
- get in the car!
I have an emergency.
A boy has been stabbed, and
I need an ambulance, please.
You just hold now.
Don't die.
Please don't die.
Got him stabilized.
Blood pressure is 112/70.
Is there anything I should know?
The blade may have hit
a renal artery branch.
I used quikclot; standard
pressure wasn't enough.
Got it.
We got a 16-year-old
stab victim.
Situation at scene has have stabilized.
Transporting him immediately
to county hospital.
It's Trey Holt.
It's our lead suspect
in the bridge murder.
Yeah.
What about you, Alexx?
What are you doing here?
What's your connection to this?
My son.
Was Bryan here?
He pulled the knife out.
He didn't stab that boy.
Where is he right now?
He's inside my car.
Come on. Let's go.
I don't understand.
I told him to wait in the car.
This makes him a suspect,
Alexx; fleeing a crime scene.
This isn't good.
I have to run this.
Listen, my son pulled that knife out.
If you run those prints, it'll be his name and
his face and he'll go on record as a suspect.
Once everyone knows something,
they can't unknow it.
He didn't stab that boy.
Is that what he told you?
Eric, he didn't stab him.
Protocol says I have to run
the blood on this first for DNA.
I can hold off on running
the prints for now.
Thank you.
Don't thank me. Just go find your son.
Find him.
Got a jackknife in here. It's priority.
Strong possibility it's going to be it's going
to be Alexx's son's prints on that handle.
She says he pulled it out of the victim.
Right now, we need to
focus on who stabbed him.
Okay, um... okay.
Then I can swab between the
hilt and the blade for DNA.
And it won't compromise the print.
Thank you.
I've seen epithelials get stuck in the
hilt of these jackknives from time to time.
So what do we do if it is Alexx's son?
Then what?
Then we have no choice. We have to
treat him like any other suspect.
we got a CODIS hit.
I don't believe it.
So, Mary's been a busy little girl.
I'm sorry, why am I here?
We have you stabbing Trey Holt in the back
at the Grove Street warehouse this afternoon.
It wasn't me.
See, Mary, a knife blade cuts both ways.
And the DNA that we've
recovered says it's you.
Hey, where the hell are you guys?
Now, Trey's in serious
condition at dade general.
If he dies, you're
going to need our help.
What were you two doing
in the warehouse today?
I paid Trey.
And I expected something in return.
And he promised and he
promised, and he never delivered.
The Y2K pills.
How did you know about that?
Your jet ski
fling- Jim Farber.
He used to deal them.
You lied to me at the beach.
You knew who he was.
You lure him to the bridge, Trey
drops a big rock on his head.
Which killed him, Mary.
Were you in on that?
I think you should just
book me for the stabbing.
You do, huh?
I do.
I know how this works. I do.
You get me to talk and before
you know it, I'm your puppet.
Book me.
Yeah.
Okay.
Horatio...
patrol just spotted the
Woods boy- at tolson bridge.
Thank you, Frank.
Oh, Frank...
Yeah?
Book Mary.
Put your weapons down, please.
Put it down.
You okay, Bryan?
What is all this?
I don't know.
These are them, H.
These are Y2K pills.
What does that mean?
It means you're coming with us.
Officer.
Bryan... where did you get the pills?
I was going to throw
them out, that's all.
So someone gave you that
bag to dispose of, right?
You're saying that, not me.
Wait a minute, Bryan.
Now, see, we're here to help you.
One of those pills was
found at a crime scene.
I had nothing to do with it.
Okay, then help us prove that.
Please.
I need the name of the person
that handed you that bag.
Bryan...
you have to understand...
Bryan, I need the name.
Lieutenant, I can't help you.
Hang on a second, Alexx.
Bryan, that is the key to this.
Now, I'm sorry about this, Horatio...
but this interview is over.
Alexx...
if you take this
position, I can't help him.
We need a lawyer.
Alexx...
Hey. I know I can't come in.
I heard Bryan won't talk.
Is that the plastic bag he
was holding on the bridge?
No, Alexx, we didn't find
Bryan holding a plastic bag.
He was holding a paper bag.
This bag was inside of
it holding the pills.
And if you find his prints on it...
maybe you catch him in a lie, huh?
Alexx, maybe we can tie
this bag to another suspect.
Maybe somebody put him up to it.
Yeah, these are my prints all
right. Where'd you find them?
Off a bag of Y2K pills.
Well, looks like Jim Farber's getting
pretty serious about his favorite pills.
How did your prints end up on his drugs?
Listen, lieutenant, I hand deliver bags of phony
drugs to prearranged contacts all over Miami.
They're sold and then distributed.
How the hell do I know where they
wind up by the time we make the bust?
What you're telling me is the bag was
refilled with speed without your knowledge?
What I'm saying is that
druggies reuse bags all the time.
You'll probably find a hundred
of them with my mitts on them.
Look, I know you're trying to
solve a murder here, lieutenant.
But I'm not your guy.
Just leave me alone.
I'm your mother.
Come on.
Sorry if I'm embarrassing
you in front of your friends.
My friends?
Those people are officers of the law.
And they took an oath
to solve this murder.
And right now, all of the evidence is
pointing them directly to Bryan Woods.
Now, maybe in the backs of their minds
they're hoping it's not you, for my sake.
But once you get in front of
that jury there won't be any hope.
Those 12 people won't know
me, they won't know you,
and they definitely won't know that you're
covering for someone you think is your friend.
I never said I was covering for anybody.
You know what they will know?
They will know that that murder
weapon came from your backyard.
That you were caught on that
bridge with illegal drugs.
Now, how do you think
that's going to look to them?
- Like I did it?
- Yeah, like you did it.
And when that judge reads
the verdict, guilty...
I don't want to to go to jail.
Then please... tell Horatio
who gave you that bag.
You always say your word is your bond.
I gave my word.
Baby, you don't give your word
to drug pushers and murderers.
You save it for the people that
care about you- that you care about.
Trey called.
He said he was hanging at the warehouse.
He asked me to come down.
When I got there...
it was bad.
Trey, what happened?
Pull it out.
- What I'm I supposed...
- it hurts, man. Just pull it out.
Come on, pull it out.
you gotta go to my place and get the pills
out of there before Mary gets to them.
You could dump them if you have to.
Trey took the slate from our backyard.
He said he needed it for something.
I let him.
You took the slate from Bryan Woods's
backyard and used it as a murder weapon,
didn't you, Trey?
Okay.
I'm way over my head.
Look, the feds set me up.
Excuse me?
I got busted on drug
possession about a month ago.
I made a deal.
I signed up to be a snitch with them.
Are you trying to tell me that
you're a federal informant?
They scooped Mary, too.
They gave us all the
speed that we wanted.
The Y2K stuff.
All I had to do was give
them the names of the sellers.
Then it all changed.
Then the deal was...
kill this guy...
or you go to prison.
Are you working for agent Sylvestri?
Agent Brent Sylvestri.
Trey Holt and Mary Landis, yes.
They agreed to work for me.
To escape jail time, but I certainly
didn't have them kill anybody.
Trey Holt confessed tovois
in hlvement in the murder.
Yours, too.
Come on, guys.
It's his word against mine.
Agent Sylvestri, we have a
warrant to search your home.
What are you expecting to find?
The Y2K pills you seized from
Jim Farber eight years ago.
You busted him with ammo gr45s, but there
was a lot more than that, wasn't there?
You pocketed the rest and he threatened
to expose you if you didn't get them back.
Right?
That's when you ordered
Mary to kill him. Right?
So Mary lures Jim under the bridge,
and Trey drops the slate on him.
And then what, agent?
You wanted to take her out?
A lot of bodies piling up
just to cover up what you did.
Look, the Y2K were better than money.
When you have something
that an addict wants...
they don't stray far.
Junkies don't deserve government money.
Well, your informants didn't
deserve to be blackmailed either.
You guys are under the false impression
that somebody actually even cares.
The people I deal with, their entire
existence is devoted to chasing the next fix.
They're parasites.
Just like you.
So you see, agent, you are my guy.
is there any word on my son?
There is.
Bryan will be released to
your custody today, Alexx.
Thank you.
This room...
used to bring me so much peace.
I know that sounds strange, but...
we meet people on the
worst day of their life.
And I always felt that it was my duty...
to be the last voice they heard,
and I never- not
once- took that lightly.
I almost lost my son today, Horatio.
But, Alexx-
you didn't.
You didn't.
But after today, this room
just doesn't feel the same.
I need to spend more of my
time taking care of the living.
It has been my honor to
work with you, Mr. Caine.
Back at you.
And, Alexx, that door...
will always be open. Okay?
I, uh...
Go ahead.
You... are my last one.